---
icon: file-lines
---

# Disclaimer

The information, products, and services included in or available through the Website are continually upgraded and updated. While TonCapy Team will use commercially reasonable efforts to verify the accuracy of any information it places on the Website, TonCapy Team does not warrant or represent that such information, products, and services are reliable, accurate, complete, uninterrupted, error-free, secure, or free of defects, viruses or bugs. The Website is provided “as is” and “as available” with no representation or warranty of any kind and your use of the Website is entirely at your own risk. TonCapy Team expressly disclaims any warranty, express or implied, regarding the Website including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory purpose, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, title, compatibility, security, and accuracy. In jurisdictions where the exclusion of warranty is prohibited, such exclusions shall only apply to the extent permitted. TonCapy Team does not warrant, endorse, guarantee or assume responsibility for any information, product, or service provided, advertised, or offered by a third party through the Website or any third-party website and TonCapy Team will not be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction between you and any third party website. We expressly disclaim all liability for personally identifiable information that may be provided by any social media services in violation of the privacy settings that you have set in such social media accounts. You acknowledge and agree that any reliance on the information and other materials included on the Website shall be at your sole risk and responsibility. TonCapy Team reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any part of the Website and to make changes to the services, materials, products, programs, and features included therein at any time with or without notice.
